vault documentation: updated examples to use volumes (#16175)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/platform/k8s/helm/examples/standalone-tls.mdx

  extraEnvironmentVars:
    VAULT_CACERT: /vault/userconfig/vault-server-tls/vault.ca

>   Volumes:
>     - type: secret
>       name: vault-server-tls # Matches the ${SECRET_NAME} from above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  volumes:
    - name: userconfig-vault-server-tls
      secret:
        defaultMode: 420
        secretName: vault-server-tls # Matches the ${SECRET_NAME} from above

  volumeMounts:
    - mountPath: /vault/userconfig/vault-server-tls
      name: userconfig-vault-server-tls
      readOnly: true
```
